# Project Journal

### Benjamin Lostheart

Overview
In the beginning of the project I talked my the other teammates about similar interests until we thought making a website for tracking stocks. This site would be a way to quickly view important stocks to see how the market is doing. Although we did discuss about roles beforehand there was a little bit of a lack of team collaboration... I was the only person that contributed. I began with the frontend, creating a page using dummy data. I found a treemap model using Apexcharts that looks really cool for displaying a quick glimpse of the market. The more market cap a company weighs the bigger it is shown in the model, and then each box is color coded for how it has performed over the last 24 hours. There is also a table that shows each of these stocks for more information, and few charts to show popular indecies in the market at the top of the page. I eventually was able to fetch data from an api but I did end up doing everything in the frontend.

Struggles
Some struggles I had during my experience was manipulating data from the api and moving data between components. There were other small bugs I ran in too like finding out what CSS is altering the style. Using the browser inspect helped to find out what styles were on each element, and what is inherited between them. Another problem was finding ways to work around the API, like I noticed if made too many calls at once there was a bit of lag. The treemap I created did its job, although at first I wanted it to do something a little different. Instead of the size being dependent on the market change of the stock, I wanted it to be dependent on the market cap while still keeping the color changing aspect, so reading the documentation took a fair bit of time. It didn't seem like I was able change it much so I worked with what I had because it would have took more time to find and learn something else.

Final Thoughts 
The original vision for this project was to be able to create your own profile and with this you can create a your personal watchlist of stocks on top of the existing homepage. But this had ended up being a solo project as I'm not too sure what happened to the others in my group. They were responsive in the begining and we had a group chat going but from there I was the only person who had added to the repo. However it was still enjoyable and with some more time I would have added the backend, with finals I did not add too much during the last week.